user:skyguy (Peterson, Skylar)

App Instructions:

Hopefully most of using this app is intuitive, however there are a few things worth mentioning so that you can learn how to use Do. On the main page, clicking the plus will allow you to add a new list. You must add a title and tap on a color to associate with it before it will alow you to create a new list. If you'd like to cancel (this goes for any page in the app) tap the 'X' in the top right corner. To edit a list from the main page press and hold on a list until the list editing view comes up. It's extremely similar to the list creating page, but allows you to save your changes, delete the list, or cancel. Tapping on the gear will bring you to settings. Most of the settings don't currently do anything (they still need to be implemented), but what you can change is the main backdrop color, and subsequently the label colors, used throughout the app. As well, by tapping on the currently employed color palette, you'll be brought to a list of possible color palettes to choose from. Tapping a new one will change the app's current palette. As always, 'X' will cancel. Tapping on a list will bring that list up in a modal view. You can edit the list title directly in the list view by simply tapping on it. 'X' will close the list. Tapping the plus adds a new list item at the top of the list. If you enter no text and hit done, the list item will be removed. if you enter some text, the list item will save. You can delete a list item by dragging it left until you can't drag it further, then let go and it will erase. Tapping the light square next to an item "completes" it, causing it to fall to the bottom of the list. If you want to add it back to the main list, simply tap on the now completed view of the list item and it will rise back to the top of the list. Tapping on the camera icon will bring up a subview for adding photos to a list item. Tapping "Take" will take you to the camera to snap a photo, "Choose" will take you to your photo library. Once photos are added, they will appear in a horizontally scrolling collection view next to the buttons. Tapping on one will expand it into a larger view for viewing the photo up close. If you press and hold a photo, you will be given the option to remove it with an action sheet. There is currently no way to move list items or list arounds, so don't try and figure out how, there just isn't a way yet. 

Hope you enjoy!